Simplify handling of kernelized functions (#622)
huggingface/kernels: docs/source/layers.md

Sometimes it can be useful to make a function extensible, for example
because the function cannot be replaced by a layer. In such cases, you
can use the [`~kernels.use_kernel_forward_from_hub`] decorator on a
function:

```python
@use_kernel_forward_from_hub("silu_and_mul")
def silu_and_mul(x: torch.Tensor) -> torch.Tensor:
    d = x.shape[-1] // 2
    return F.silu(x[..., :d]) * x[..., d:]
```

This will replace the function by an instantiated `torch.nn.Module`
(singleton) that calls the function itself in its forward method. It will
still behave as a function, since `torch.nn.Module` provides an
implementation of `__call__` that delegates to `forward`.

> For kernelization to see the function, you must use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For [`~kernels.kernelize`] to see the function, you must use
```

[`~kernels.use_kernelized_func`] on an `torch.nn.Module` that is part
of the to-be kernlized module to make the function visible to
[`~kernels.kernelize`]. The function is typically attached to the module
that uses it. For example:

```python

> @use_kernelized_func(silu_and_mul)

Reviewer 2: Nice docs 🫡

> @use_kernelized_func(silu_and_mul)

Reviewer: Does `silu_and_mul` need to _always_ have the `use_kernel_forward_from_hub` decorator here?

(wasn't clear from the docs, hence asking)

Author: Clarified and added check + test.
